Hello and welcome back. In this lesson, we will connect OpenClaw to dnspy-mcp.
I have started my Windows 11 virtual machine. You can see that the OpenClaw gateway has auto-started.
I have also started my Telegram app. Be sure to clear history.
Then use the slash new command to start a new session.
I have also created a new folder on my desktop called .NET MCP.
Inside it, I have downloaded the dnspy-mcp-server zip file from the previous lesson.
I had also earlier unzipped it into the folder dnspy-mcp-server.
For this lesson, I have also downloaded a new file called .NET crackme-zip.
You can download it from the resource section for this lesson.
Let's open this folder and see what's inside.
You have 3 folders of crackmes.
The first two are modern .NET crackmes.
These are crackmes written on .NET 8 and above.
The third folder is a legacy crackme written on .NET Framework 4.8.
Coming back to the modern .NET.
The first one is a 64-bit crackme.
The second one is a 32-bit crackme.
Let's open the 64-bit folder.
The main file is called modernnetapp.exe.
This one is 64-bit.
To confirm if it is 64-bit or 32-bit, you can use detect it easy.
Search for detect it easy.
Then run it.
Then open the crack me with detect it easy.
You will see it says PE64.
Now let's check the 32-bit one.
And we see it says PE32.
Now let's go back to the 64-bit version and launch it.
Enter a name in the serial and click on the register button.
It shows a message box, sorry wrong key.
We will now launch the correct dnspy mcp.
Open the dnspy mcp server folder.
As mentioned in the previous lesson, there are 2 versions.
The first is the modern.net.
The second is the legacy.net framework 4.8.
We will analyze the Modern.NET CrackMe Therefore, we should open the Modern.NET MCP
Also remember that the CrackMe is 64-bit Therefore, we should launch the 64-bit DNSpy
Right click and run as administrator Click OK
I will remove the modules I previously loaded and start afresh
Open the Modern.NET app. Notice I opened the exe file
This is not the right one. I should open the .dll file. I will remove the .exe file.
When using dnspy, you should open the .dll, not the .exe file. However, if you
want to run the app directly, then you run the .exe file. Let's take a look at
the app. You will see the main module is Modern NetApp. Now, we will check to
confirm that the MCP server has started successfully. Open a CMD terminal. Run the
command netstat-tan. You should see port 3003. This confirms that the dnspy MCP server has
properly started. Now, I will use telegram to give instructions to open CLAW. You may use the
same prompt that I use. It is the same as the previous two MCP servers we did. You just need
to modify it for dnspy. It is important to mention port 3003 and the SSE endpoint.
Ask OpenClaw to refer to its memory to recall the previous MCP examples we did.
It has found the previous MCP and SSE in memory
It now confirms the server is doing MCP over SSE
It has successfully connected to the dnspy mcp server and got a list of its tools
I then ask it to get info on the modern net app loaded in dnspy
OpenClaw confirms it is reconnecting to the dnspy session
After doing some analysis with the tools, it finally got the results
It has found Form 1
This must be the main Windows UI for the app
I ask it to get info on Form 1
OpenClaw then does some analysis and manages to find some important methods in Form 1
It lists button register and generates serial key methods
it even explains what the generate serial key method does. It also explains
how the serial key is being generated. Open claw then gave some examples. Let's
take another look at the app. If I enter name as Alexander and any random number
as serial key then click the register button it shows the message box sorry
wrong key. I will ask OpenClaw to generate the serial key for me for the
username Alexander. OpenClaw tells me the serial key. I try
it and it works. I now ask it to write a Python script to implement the generate
serial key method. It is actually a key gen. However note that you should not use
the word keygen. The backend OpenAI agent may refuse to create keygens due to ethical reasons.
To be safe, just say Python script. It generates the Python code. I ask it where is the file saved
to. I then head over to that folder by copying and pasting it into the address bar.
I removed the filename leaving only the folder path.
I found the GenerateSerialKey Python script.
Let's run it.
I open a CMD terminal and run the script.
I entered the name, Christina, and got the serial.
I will now test it.
Let's go back to the app.
Enter the name and the serial and click on the register button.
It works.
Let's ask OpenClaw to do something else.
Let's ask OpenClaw to analyze the button register method.
We copy the method name and paste it in here.
It analyzed the method and came up with a detailed result.
It is very impressive.
Now I will ask it to save to memory how it connects to the dnspy mcp server.
Remember that we also did this for the x64 dbg and ghidra mcp in earlier lessons.
This is important so that OpenClaw will remember how to connect to dnspy mcp in future.
OpenClaw confirms saving it to memory.
I ask it where is the memory file found.
It replies with the paths.
Let's go and inspect it.
These are the session memories based on dates, and this is the long term memory.
Let's open it, and you can see how it remembers the dnspy connection.
I also see the Ghidra memory.
There is also the x64 dbg memory.
Now we will shut down everything and take a snapshot of the virtual machine.
After every successful setup, we should always take a snapshot.
on take button. Give a suitable name. Click on OK. Now we can go analyze any
other crack me program or malware that you like. Note that after analyzing any
target binary or malware, whether using dnspy or Ghidra
or x64dbg, we always restore back to the latest snapshot after finishing the
session.
That is to undo any changes made by the target program or malware.
That is why I stress the importance of using snapshots.
So this is how we can use OpenClaw with dnspy-mcp.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.